[DOCS-5646] adding in java 11 requirement text (#5193)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/administration/requirements/upgrade-java-guidelines.adoc

If you use Docker containers to run Jenkins, the default Docker containers use Java 11 beginning with link:/doc/upgrade-guide/2.303/#upgrading-to-jenkins-lts-2-303-1[Jenkins 2.303.1].
If you need to remain with Java 8 in a Docker container, append `-jdk8` to the Docker image tag.

Starting with the 2.353 weekly release line, Java 11 will be required for future weekly release lines.

> These instructions will still apply to the Long Term Support release line, until the LTS release line mirrors the weekly release line Java requirements.

Reviewer: This sounds an awful lot like "it will until it won't", raising or implying the question (to me) "when or why won't it"? I suppose the "why" should be obvious to anyone who understands the concept of weeklies and LTS, but the "when" doesn't seem obvious to me, so I think we should include that.

```suggestion
These instructions will still apply to the Long Term Support release line until September 2022, when the LTS release line will mirror the weekly release line Java requirements.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion @basil, I definitely understand what you're saying and agree that it would be much more clear with that information added.
